Add note on private network (#25652)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

   }
   {{< /highlight >}}

### Set up Data Jobs Monitoring with Databricks Networking Restrictions
With the default [Databricks Networking Restrictions][12], Datadog may not have access to your Databricks APIs, which can prevent three key requirements for Data Jobs Monitoring from functioning properly:

> 1. Ensure that the agent can be downloaded onto the Databricks cluster using the curl command in the init script.

Reviewer: I think we don't need to list these (items 1-3), since my suggestion above gives an overview of the need for API connectivity.  The agent download and sending metrics/traces could technically be other firewall issues separate from Datadog's backend accessing customer Databricks APIs, and I think this should just be focused on the Databricks API access piece.

Author: Thanks, removed !

> ### Set up Data Jobs Monitoring with Private Networking
> If you're using [Databricks Private Networking][12], there are three key requirements to meet:
> 
> 1. Ensure that the agent can be downloaded onto the Databricks cluster using the curl command in the init script.
> 2. Verify that the Datadog crawler has sufficient permission to access the Databricks workspace.
> 3. Confirm that traces and metrics can be sent.
> 
> Whitelisting these specific [IP addresses][13] allows your cluster to performs all these interactions with our services. Please see [Databricks documentation][14] for more details on how to manage IP access lists in Databricks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Set up Data Jobs Monitoring with Private Networking
If you're using [Databricks Private Networking][12], there are three key requirements to meet:

1. Ensure that the agent can be downloaded onto the Databricks cluster using the curl command in the init script.
2. Verify that the Datadog crawler has sufficient permission to access the Databricks workspace.
3. Confirm that traces and metrics can be sent.

Allow-listing these specific [IP addresses][13] allows your cluster to perform all these interactions with Datadog services. Please see [Databricks documentation][14] for more details on how to manage IP access lists in Databricks.
```

> Allow-listing these specific [IP addresses][13] allows your cluster to perform all these interactions with Datadog services. Please see [Databricks documentation][14] for more details on how to manage IP access lists in Databricks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are controlling Databricks API access through IP access lists, allow-listing Datadog's specific [IP addresses][13] allows your cluster to perform all these interactions with Datadog services. Please see [Databricks documentation][14] for more details on how to manage IP access lists in Databricks.
```

Reviewer: Note: The IP access list is actually going to be different depending on the customer site (DC), so we should see if we can make that configurable in the docs or link to the different ones based on Datadog site https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site

Author: Done with help from documentation folks !

> If you are using [Databricks Private Connectivity][15], we recommend contacting our support team.

Reviewer: Add link to support to they can create a case easily https://www.datadoghq.com/support/
